[CAM-11106] - Review documentation explaining CAM scopes hierarchy an… (#2756)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Core Concepts/workspaces-and-collaboration.md

* [Organizations](#organizations)
* [Switching and Managing Workspaces, Cost Centers and Organizations](#switching-and-managing-workspaces-cost-centers-and-organizations)
* [Sharing Boxes, Instances, and Providers](#sharing-boxes-instances-and-providers)

> * [Federated Organizations](#federated-organizations)

Reviewer: Please, leave it as it was

### Organizations

An Organization is the highest scope level used to manage several Cost Centers and the Workspaces they include.

#### Context elements

> An Organization groups a set of Cost Centers.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Organization includes a set of Cost Centers. A default Cost Center is created whenever a new Organization is created in Cloud Application Manager. Organization administrators can create as many Cost Center as they want to align with their organization structure.
```

#### Transfer Ownership

Sometimes, because your role in the organization changes, you may want to transfer an asset you own to another user or workspace. To change owners, open the sharing dialog, and make another user or workspace the owner.  

> An asset can only have one owner at a time.

Reviewer: Either add another line to separate paragraph, or leave it as it was

#### Sharing Providers

Sharing providers has its benefits. You can give view access to company-approved providers and let users deploy to that particular provider. When teams deploy to a shared provider, you can track org-wide usage and compliance cohesively.  
Provider accounts can be shared only in the Enterprise Edition.

> ### Federated Organizations

Reviewer: Leave it as it was

Reviewer 2: In CAM-11115 suggest Sharing with people or groups across Organizations
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42206552/58336910-f3858300-7e44-11e9-9883-4230dd2a0411.png)

  ![Allow a user access to the team workspaces](../../images/core-concepts/allow-user-can-see-team-workspace.png)

  By default, any member is added with the *User* role, but you can change it to the appropriate role. For more information about roles, please refer to [Workspaces - Sharing and collaboration](#Workspaces)

  ![Add user with appropiate role](../../images/core-concepts/user-role.png)

Please, note that every member on the list has the name of the organization they belong to below the member name, along with its email address.

5. Now the user that has been added can see the team workspace and access it with the corresponding role that has been assigned to him in the workspace.

  ![User can see the team workspace](../../images/core-concepts/user-can-see-team-workspace.png)

#### Stop sharing in a Federated Organization

To stop sharing a team workspace with other Organizations, you should be an administrator of the organization, administrator of cost center where the team workspace belongs to, or you should be the administrator of the team workspaces. In this article, we consider that the user is an organization administrator.

> #### Remove a particular user from a Federated Organization

Reviewer: Remove this title

  ![The user don't see the team workspaces](../../images/core-concepts/user-not-see-team-workspace.png)

> #### Stop sharing team workspaces with a Federated Organization

Reviewer: Leave this as it was

At this moment, no user nor group of that organization will be available to be added as member to the workspace.

> ### Contacting Cloud Application Manager Support

Reviewer: Please, also leave this as it was
